.de EX		\"Begin unix2dos
.ne 5
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
.nf
.in +.5i
..
.de EE
.fi
.in -.5i
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
..
.TH unix2dos 1 "1 July 2013" "Version 1.1"
.SH NAME
unix2dos - UNIX to DOS file conversion
.SH SYNTAX
.PP
unix2dos {-q -d } filename filename ...

unix2dos {-h }
.SH Options
.IP -q
Quiet mode.
.IP -d
Include debug messages in output to STDOUT
.IP -h
Show program usage information.
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fIunix2dos\fP program will convert line-endings of text files
from UNIX-style to DOS/Windows-style. This conversion is useful when 
transferring text files from a UNIX system to a DOS/Windows system.
.PP
If the file already has DOS-style line-endings, no change will result.
.PP
.SH INTERACTIONS
.PP
The program processes named files only, and therefore cannot process data through pipelines.
.PP
.SH FILES
.PP
 (none)
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
dos2unix(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Michael Wright
.PP
.SH Copyright
Copyright  (C) 2005, 2013  Michael Wright 

This implementation of unix2dos is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms
of  the  GNU  General  Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation;
either version 3, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but  WITHOUT  ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more detail; either
the included file license.txt or on the web at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

