.de EX		\"Begin dos2unix
.ne 5
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
.nf
.in +.5i
..
.de EE
.fi
.in -.5i
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
..
.TH dos2unix 1 "1 July 2013" "Version 1.1"
.SH NAME
dos2unix - DOS to UNIX file conversion
.SH SYNTAX
.PP
dos2unix {-q -d } filename filename ...

dos2unix {-h }
.SH Options
.IP -q
Quiet mode.
.IP -d
Include debug messages in output to STDOUT
.IP -h
Show program usage information.
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fIdos2unix\fP program will convert line-endings of text files
from DOS/Windows-style to UNIX-style. This conversion is useful when 
transferring text files from a DOS/Windows system to a UNIX System.
.PP
If the file already has UNIX-style line-endings, no change will result.
.PP
.SH INTERACTIONS
.PP
The program processes named files only, and therefore cannot process data through pipelines.
.PP
.SH FILES
.PP
 (none)
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
unix2dos(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Michael Wright
.PP
.SH Copyright
Copyright  (C) 2005, 2013  Michael Wright 

This implementation of dos2unix is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms
of  the  GNU  General  Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation;
either version 3, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details; either
the included file license.txt or on the web at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

